---
layout: default
title: My first digital journal entry
description: The story of how this website came to be. Why spend hundreds of dollars having someone else create a wedding website for you when you could learn to do it yourself? This is the question I asked myself about 6 months ago. While some might call me obsessive, I like to think my want to personalise and create things exactly as I imagine them comes from
featured-image: Images/croped/laptopPhoto.jpg
author: Sara Kelly
---

The story of how this website came to be.

<br> Why spend hundreds of dollars having someone else create a wedding website for you when you could learn to do it yourself? This is the question I asked myself about 6 months ago. While some might call me obsessive, I like to think my want to personalise and create things exactly as I imagine them comes from a promise to myself as a child, that I would make my dreams a reality. A stock standard Square Space site wasn't going to fulfill my wedding website fantasies. So when an opportunity came up to join a group for a 10 day coding retreat at the Institute of Code in Bali, it didn't take a lot of convincing for me to pack my bags and prepare for the adventure.

<br> I arrived in Bali with the idea for a wedding website that could be used for more than just RSVPs and directions to the venue on the day. Something that wouldn't out grow its usefulness the day after the wedding. I wanted something that could be dynamic and update-able. That would be useful to a couple from the very early stages of sending out invites, all the way up to, and even past the day of the wedding. I wanted a single, go-to place for guests to find photos from the wedding they had just attended, to read the couples love story, find directions to the venue but I also wanted more.&nbsp; I had the idea that with all the travel blogs and instagram accounts from holiday destinations around the world, that I would be great if the newly wedding couple were able to share photos and stories from there honey-moon somewhere other than just on facebook. Somewhere they could look back on any time and not have this special time lost in the clutter of everyday uploads.

<br> So, that was my grand idea. I had definitely hoped that this 10 day course would serve as a mini holiday while also providing me the skills I desired to make my day dreams a reality. I was lucky enough that it proved all of that Id hoped and so much more! Due to the wonders of social media I am sure that from an outsiders perspective it appeared to be more outings in the monkey forest and cocktails by the pool than hard core nerd course. I can assure you that behind the beautiful pictures there were also many hours per day spent at a computer, only looking at that pool wistfully while cursing the Bali humidity. Late nights were had huddled over laptops wondering how on earth we had broken our site.. yet again. Although there was often a cocktail in hand by this point! &nbsp;

<br> On day nine, as the realisation kicked in that my elaborate ideas for a website were more than I had time to fine tune in just a few days the mentors reminded me that I was there to learn skills, not to knock out a product ready for release in just a few days. To stick to my wireframes, debug methodically and really solidify the basics we were learning. I have since found their promise to provide lifetime support to past students to be absolutely invaluable. I have also gained a huge appreciation for sunrise yoga as a fantastic way to prepare the mind for days I know will be difficult mentally, even if I haven't managed to be up that early since!

<br>In the end, the result has been worth all the blood, sweat, Bali belly, late night skype calls and literal tears, because here it is!! A website built entirely by me, not a template in site! A website containing our story, our reasons for vearing away from the traditional wedding, a place for us to share photos from the day as well as being flexible enough that it can be updated with stories from our honeymoon while we travel around Europe. Most importantly though, this site serves as the invitation for our closest friends and family to join us at our post elopement/micro wedding celebrations. To me it enables us to have the small fairytale wedding we so strongly desire, while still providing a method to share this special time in our lives with the ones we love.

<br>Thank you all for being here with us
